OSDOCS#11056: Agent docs cleanup (#78326)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installing-ocp-agent-ibm-z-kvm.adoc

= Adding {ibm-z-name} agents with {op-system-base} KVM

Use the following procedure to manually add {ibm-z-name} agents with {op-system-base} KVM.

> This procedure is necessary only for {ibm-z-name} clusters with {op-system-base} KVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only use this procedure for {ibm-z-name} clusters with {op-system-base} KVM.
```

Author: I can rephrase to something like that, sure
